Alcohol can cross the cell membrane and thus absorbs very easily
into the human body. Oh, how about this? My friend,
his wife is a school teacher in Utah and, uh,
they have a problem in middle school because kids are taking tampons and they're
soaking them in rubbing alcohol and stuffing them up. They're
and.
They're getting high. Yes. I found.
Out about it. A bunch of the kids did it.
And so they had a problem in their school.
We're kids were playing Tampa,
dipping them in rubbing I'll call and stuffing them up there. But.
And by the way, I don't know how many millions of listeners you have,
how many people are now going to do that a lot. 40, 40, 40 people, 40.
It's been going on.
For awhile. Yeah, apparently I didn't know about it until three weeks ago.
I bet it feels good. Um, nice.
And cool. Feels good. Tangle a little bit. You know what?
If you've got a hemorrhoid though,
[inaudible] definition of a drunk,
don't be a drunk, especially when you're 12.